Replaced dls-controls with epics-python (#165)
epics-python/pythonSoftIOC: docs/reference/api.rst

.. data:: softioc.__version__
    :type: str

>     Version number as calculated by https://github.com/epics-python/versiongit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Version number as calculated by https://github.com/DiamondLightSource/versiongit
```
